=The Hidden Heir Ye Chen=
(Adapted from "The Peerless Son-in-Law")
=Episode 16=
(Treasures Pavilion of Jinzhou
2025 Annual Auction)
(International Convention Center)
(Treasures Pavilion of Jinzhou
2025 Annual Auction)
This one's good.
This is great.
Pretty handsome, right?
Yeah.
Then again, it's scorching hot today.
Why bring me here?
We had to.
It's a big collectors' event.
We're here to broaden our horizons.
Just look around
even if we can't afford anything,
Looks like it's going to rain.
(International Convention Center)
Welcome, distinguished guests.
Ye Chen?
You've got some nerve sneaking
into Treasures Pavilion.
I snuck in?
Let me explain something to you.
Treasures Pavilion
is the largest trading hall
under the Song family.
Only big corporations
and powerful families like ours
get invited.
Who do you think you are?
Exactly.
Even the Xiao family
didn't receive an invitation.
I only got in
because of Aodong's connections.
And you two think
you're qualified to get an invitation?
Yours must be fake.
Or stolen.
You're both wrong.
Actually, I bought mine
from a scalper outside the door.
Satisfied now?
Are you messing with me?
Let me see it.
Are you even crazier than your sister?
Hey!
Security!
You guys are just going to let him in?
Sir,
I need to verify your identities.
Why?
What?
If you don't cooperate,
I'll have someone throw you out.
Go ahead and try.
Throw them out.
Wait a minute.
(Song Wanting,
eldest daughter of the Song family)
Miss Song.
Everyone here is a distinguished guest.
Why are you only checking his identity?
I...
Mr. Qin said
they might have a problem.
These invitations
are very important.
Shady people
like them
shouldn't be let in.
Mr. Qin, since when do you
get to question
the rules of Treasures Pavilion?
It was her.
She questioned it.
It has nothing to do with me.
I...
Throw them out!
Aodong! Aodong!
Get out!
Aodong!
You too. Don't bother coming back.
I...
Let's go!
Thank you.
Mr. Ye, right?
I'm very sorry for the trouble today.
Hope you walk away
with a great find today.
(Treasures Pavilion of Jinzhou
2025 Annual Auction)
I've already suppressed it for now.
It's completely under control,
so don't worry.
As soon as we get the treasure,
I'll perform a ritual to exorcise
and seal it properly.
Dad, stop filming.
After we get through this disaster...
This way, please.
Broaden your horizons.
Come on. Alright.
Dong, hurry up!
- Master Yu!
- Dad!
Master,
you're here.
Oh right!
Ever since you gave me
that wolf-fang talisman,
I feel like
I'm completely different,
inside and out.
- We're fated to meet.
- Yes.
Let me empower another one for you.
No, it's okay.
This is a peace talisman
for safe travels
and a prosperous home.
What a coincidence, Master Yu.
We meet again.
How about giving me one too?
Normally, a peace talisman
from Xuanji Hall
costs 300,000 each.
Today I've really seen
what "like father, like son" means.
I have always enjoyed doing good
and accumulating virtue.
Since fate
has brought us together today,
after the auction ends,
I'll give each of you a peace talisman
to share in the blessing.
- Excellent!
But...
Thank you, Master Yu!
Not for him.
Not for you.
Distinguished guests.
Master Yu, this way please.
The auction will now officially begin.
First, let us present our opening item.
(Pine and Crane Backflow Incense Burne)
Pine and Crane Backflow Incense Burne
Legend has it
that Emperor Song Shenzong
bestowed this royal treasure upon
the great poet Su Dongpo.
The pure white smoke
flows down the burner
like a cascading waterfall.
Do you like it?
Of course.
Amid the swirling smoke,
the cranes look ready to take flight.
I'll buy it for you later.
- Alright, sure.
- Please take a look.
Don't cause trouble.
The starting bid is five million.
Each increment
is 500,000.
Six million.
Six point five million.
Seven mil...
Are you crazy? What kind
of place do you think this is?
Stop messing around.
Didn't you say you like it?
I like a lot of things!
You...
don't do anything.
Just stay still.
Then don't regret it later.
I won't.
- Sorry.
- You scared me to death.
I've been standing too long,
just stretching a bit.
Alright, the highest bid on site
remains 6.5 million from that gentleman.
Six point five million,
going once.
going twice.
It's going twice already.
Six point five million,
going three times...
Sold! Congratulations to this gentleman.
Congratulations!
Six point five million.
- Thank you.
- Congratulations.
Next, let us present the second item.
An African blue sapphire.
The starting bid is 1.5 million.
Three million.
Four million.
Four point five million.
Hey, why are you bidding again?
Mom likes it.
But you can't just buy everything!
What kind of family
do you think we are?
Five million.
Five million, going once.
What are you eating?
Going twice.
Danshen pills.
For when my heart feels
like it's about to explode.
I can't take this stress.
Five million,
going...
Six million.
I'd better take another pill.
Alright, Dong.
Stop bidding.
Going once.
Don't let him drag this out.
The South Sea Golden Pearl
is about to start bidding.
Dad, he just paid six million for this.
- Isn't he just...
- Enough.
Don't compete with him.
Why did we come here?
Six million, going three times.
Sold!
Congratulations, Mr. Ye.
Kid,
are you crazy?
Six million?
You'll pay it then.
Don't worry, Dad.
Someone will cover it for us.
She's paying for it.
You keep playing.
I'm heading back first.
Dad!
Let me tell you,
you deal
with the mess you made.
I don't even know you.
Wait.
Dad!
Ladies and gentlemen,
next
is the final item
of this auction,
the South Sea Golden Pearl.
This South Sea Golden Pearl comes
from the gold-lipped oyster.
From the inside out,
it is entirely golden in color,
and perfectly round in shape.
A South Sea Golden Pearl
of this quality and size
is truly unprecedented.
It is the most valuable item
in today's auction.
The starting price
is twenty million.
Forty million.
Forty million?
Ladies and gentlemen,
this golden pearl
is something I must have.
I hope everyone here
will kindly give way.
Mr. Qin,
that's not very appropriate.
At auctions like this, the rule
has always been highest bidder wins.
It's not
that I don't understand the rules.
But my daughter Aoxue
has collapsed from illness.
She even fell into a coma this morning.
I must obtain this pearl to save her.
Of course,
rules are still rules.
If anyone here
wants to compete with me
and bid higher,
then please go ahead.
Forty million,
going once.
going twice.
Forty million,
going three times.
Sol...
Fifty million.
Ye Chen, that's enough.
Sixty million.
Eighty million.
Ye Chen,
are you done yet?
I've tolerated you for a long time.
Enough!
Ye Chen,
you can shout any price you want,
but think carefully,
do you even have that kind of money?
Ms. Wang, why don't you introduce yourself
to everyone?
Hello, everyone.
I'm Wang Dongxue.
Today, Mr. Ye Chen
will fully represent Dihao Group
in this auction.
Dihao Group will fully support all
of his decisions.
The funds available to him
have no upper limit.
Ye Chen, what exactly
are you trying to do?
Is this your payback on Aoxue?
Mr. Qin, you're overthinking again.
This has nothing to do with Aoxue.
Who knows,
you might even thank me later.
You...
Young man,
if it's not about Aoxue,
then it must mean
you're deliberately picking a fight
with me.
You guessed right.
Today, I came for you.
Eighty million, going once.
Mr. Qin,
this concerns your daughter's life.
Don't be stingy. Don't hesitate.
Go head-to-head with him.
One hundred million.
One hundred million, going once.
One hundred million, going twice.
One hundred million,
going three times.
Sold!
Congratulations, Mr. Qin.
Your wish has been fulfilled.
Mr. Qin.
Your daughter's life
can now be saved.
Thank you, Master Yu.
I would also like to thank everyone
for your understanding.
Such a large golden pearl!
Mr. Qin,
may I?
Isn't anyone going to do something?
Ye Chen...
Is nobody going to stop him?
This... this is impossible!
What impossible?
It's smashed to pieces!
Call the police and have him arrested!
Everyone else understands it already.
How come you still don't get it?
Don't get what?
Did you hear the auctioneer?
The South Sea Golden Pearl
comes from a gold-lipped oyster.
From the inside out,
it should be entirely golden.
So how could there be
white fibers inside?
You!
You're selling fake goods!
Treasures Pavilion
has never sold counterfeit items.
Then how do you explain this?
Shouldn't Treasures Pavilion give us.....
Give us an explanation?
With Miss Song's reputation,
I believe she would never commit fraud
and ruin her own future.
The only possibility
is that somewhere along the way,
it was switched.
What do you say, Master Yu?
♪They said I was only meant
to gaze at the light♪
♪Never knowing I am the flame itself♪
♪I am fireworks, not a fire cast aside♪
♪I open my eyes amid the ruins♪
♪No one shields me
from the wind or the sky♪
♪Let them mock, let them sneer♪
♪I sharpen my silence into blades♪
♪Every cold word, I remember♪
♪Etching my path of defiance
into my heart♪
♪Fate did not sign my future for me♪
♪I carved my own light
with clenched fists♪
♪I belong to no one♪
♪I am the ember
that refuses to bow to destiny♪
♪Even if the world burns me into ash♪
♪I will rise upon those ashes♪